# Google Ads Integration

This repository provides a comprehensive guide and sample code for integrating Google Ads into an iOS project using Swift. The integration covers setting up the Google Mobile Ads SDK, creating ad units, and displaying various types of ads within your iOS application.

## Introduction

This repository aims to help developers integrate Google Ads into their iOS projects using Swift. Google Mobile Ads SDK enables you to display ads within your app, providing a way to monetize your content efficiently.

## Prerequisites

Xcode 12.0 or later  
Swift 5.0 or later  
CocoaPods installed on your machine  
An iOS device or simulator running iOS 10.0 or later  

## Setup Instructions

#### 1. Create a New Project
If you don't have an existing project, create a new one in Xcode:  

1. Open Xcode.
2. Select `File` > `New` > `Project`.
3. Choose `App` and click `Next`.
4. Enter project details and click `Next`.
5. Choose a location to save the project and click `Create`.

#### 2. Install Google Movile Ads SDK
Use CocoaPods to install the Google Mobile Ads SDK:  

1. Open Terminal and navigate to your project directory.
2. Initialize CocoaPods by running:  
   ```bash
   pod init
   ```
3. Open the generated Podfile and add the following:
   ```bash
   pod 'Google-Mobile-Ads-SDK'
   ```
4. Install the pod by running:
   ```bash
   pod install
   ```
5. Close Xcode and open the .xcworkspace file generated by CocoaPods.

#### 3. Configure App for AdMob.
1. In your project navigator, open `AppDelegate.swift`.
2. Import the Google Mobile Ads SDK:
   ```bash
   import GoogleMobileAds
   ```
3. Initialize the SDK in the `application(_:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:)` method:
   ```bash
   func application(_ application: UIApplication, didFinishLaunchingWithOptions launchOptions: [UIApplication.LaunchOptionsKey: Any]?) -> Bool {
    GADMobileAds.sharedInstance().start(completionHandler: nil)
    return true
   }
   ```  
Further steps you can check in the sample project for different types of Ads implementation.

Enjoy Coding!!
